Remove the list from the code block (#9783)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/with-flutter.mdx

Now that we have the dependencies installed let's setup deep links so users who have logged in via magic link or OAuth can come back to the app.

> 1. Go to the "Authentication" section.
> 2. Click "Settings" in the sidebar.
> 3. Type `io.supabase.flutterquickstart://login-callback/` in the Additional Redirect URLs input field.
> 4. Hit save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Authentication Settings](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/auth/settings) in the Dashboard.
1. In **Redirect URLs**, add `io.supabase.flutterquickstart://login-callback/` as a new domain.
```
